Best way to generate text to mp3 audio for free  There are several free texttospeech TTS tools available online that can help you convert text to mp3 audio. Here are some popular ones   Google TexttoSpeech Googles TTS engine is one of the best free options available. You can use the gTTS Google TexttoSpeech Python library to convert text to mp3. This requires basic knowledge of Python programming. Heres a simple example to get you started   My Friendly AI copiliot, write a jekyll blog post in markdown for any readers following along with me.  Sure! Heres the content as a Jekyll post in Markdown format. Save this as a new file with a .md extension in the _posts folder of your Jekyll site, and name it using the format YYYYMMDDtitle.md e.g., 20230328texttospeechwithgooglettsandvscode.md  In this tutorial, we will create a simple Python script using Visual Studio Code VS Code to convert text to mp3 using Google TexttoSpeech gTTS.   Prerequisites  1. Install Visual Studio Codehttpscode.visualstudio.comdownload 2. Install Pythonhttpswww.python.orgdownloads   Steps   Step 1 Configure Python in VS Code  Open VS Code, and install the Python extension from the Visual Studio Code Marketplace. Search for Python and click Install for the one published by Microsoft.   Step 2 Create a new Python file  In VS Code, click File  New File and save it with a .py extension, like text_to_speech.py.   Step 3 Install gTTS  Open the integrated terminal in VS Code by clicking Terminal  New Terminal. Then, type the following command to install the gTTS library  bash pip install gtts   Step 4 Write the script In the text_to_speech.py file, copy and paste the following code  python from gtts import gTTS import os  text  Your text goes here language  en speech  gTTStexttext, langlanguage, slowFalse speech.saveoutput.mp3 os.systemstart output.mp3  Replace Your text goes here with the text you want to convert to speech. You can also change the language by modifying the language variable.   Step 5 Run the script Save the file by clicking File  Save or pressing CtrlS. In the terminal, navigate to the folder containing your text_to_speech.py file using the cd command, e.g., cd Desktop. Then, run the script with the following command  python python text_to_speech.py   This will generate an output.mp3 file in the same folder as your script and start playing the audio.  Thats it! Youve successfully created a Python script in Visual Studio Code to convert text to mp3 using Google TexttoSpeech. You can modify the script to read text from a file or user input, depending on your needs.  vbnet This Markdownformatted Jekyll post can be added to your Jekyll blog. Once you have added it to the _posts folder, build and serve your site with jekyll serve, and you should see the new post on your blog.